welcome to another episode super Sara
today in the show or appointment making
homemade corn dogs before we get to that
I want you to come over here and see rub
your stove it was still over disbarment
and my breaking it in for the batter
part for me one cup of cornmeal and I'm
using me forget it liquor free formula
one cup of flour if you're using the
regular I'm using one cup of rice flour
four teaspoons of baking powder 1/4
teaspoon of salt 1/4 cup of sugar if you
don't want you sugar you can use honey
or just leave it out if you don't want
your form dogs a little bit sweet let me
pull this straw here it goes 1 egg and 1
cup of milk
make sure things hope right broken
alright now we're just going to hold
this hold got my hot dogs I thought them
out dry them off real good on paper
towels more stir it sticks and I'm using
popsicle sticks and put my hot dogs you
can use regular hot dog
anything that I'm used to on meat I need
some light
like smart dogs and these are the veggie
protein legs and they're made with soy
and they're not and they're a non-gmo
soy so you don't have to worry about
that and these are vegetarian and vegan
friendly but there are reason why we eat
this type of me sort of eating cut this
type of me is because meat doesn't do
good with me so I try to limit some of
my mate main take and my husband jamie
has tricks and especially like pork
products like reco hot dogs they put so
much chemicals in it that it bothers his
trips real bad he has to take more
medicine so we're probably cut that out
and these were kids that have a DD these
are really good for the them because
also that runs their chemical mountains
robot that's why they act out so like
look for these Walmart carries them now
I found this at Kroger's I didn't know
Walmart carries them and they have all
kinds of different brands of the type of
hot dogs out there that you would have
the smart burger they have the sausages
and bacon and everything like that out
there look over filter glass woohoo
okay we're going to do next I put a
little bit more gluten free flour in
here or we're gonna fire anybody's gonna
roll them in this flour
this helps the coating not to fall off
in the oil so I'm going to do that to
all my dogs and I'm also ball my pot of
vegetables coming up to temperature
always come up to tipper about 350 and
we're just going to I know it's gonna go
over a little bit so kind of fill my
glass up to two full but or pretend like
I saw yokocho off into the old goes and
hold on to it for it
then you going to fry these for about
out two to six minutes you know some
tech you know you don't want to still be
doing
one crack you the town you want to
babysitting's were being them make sure
all song
this is a test recipe fruit with using
gluten-free flour because I didn't know
if there were one fry rock or what
that's how far they're doing good so
thumbs up told my gluten-free friends
out there get them to where you're
they're browned the way you like them if
you like them darker kick them a little
bit longer just don't pick them to look
at black I don't think nobody wants some
burnt outcomes for dogs and I'll just go
plate over here with some paper towels
to soak up some of the excess of the
grease that comes off them then again
let's continue dipping core knobs are
done let's travel one
put a little my master down at kitchen
master oh what a mess I'm making
I'm kind of worried about these because
these are the vegan dogs but it knows
they're going to hold up to their behind
and everything it really held up it
tastes like a hot dog they got the
texture down and everything so boom oh
also I was worried about member I said
about the clip Reese our chronic antenna
but it helped him and it takes just like
record flowering so all you vote and
three people up there and have torn up
all you need is a vegetarian and have
the pornos
you